Test cross compiling with cargo-zigbuild (#213)
PyO3/setuptools-rust: README.md

Or you can use commands like `bdist_wheel` (after installing `wheel`). See also [the notes in the documentation about building wheels](https://setuptools-rust.readthedocs.io/en/latest/building_wheels.html).

> Cross-compiling is also supported, using either [`crossenv`](https://github.com/benfogle/crossenv) or [`cross`](https://github.com/rust-embedded/cross) or [`cargo-zigbuild`](https://github.com/messense/cargo-zigbuild).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cross-compiling is also supported, using one of [`crossenv`](https://github.com/benfogle/crossenv), [`cross`](https://github.com/rust-embedded/cross) or [`cargo-zigbuild`](https://github.com/messense/cargo-zigbuild).
```
